[Music]
here are the eight most dangerous places
to swim in the world you know there's a
lot of amazing outdoor swimming areas in
the world some of them are safe and
protected with lifeguards watching over
you while you swim bathe dive off rocks
and play in the water
but some beaches are not just unsafe
they're outright dangerous yeah so here
are eight places where you should never
attempt to swim if you treasure your
health and life really now before you
start making a list of anti locations
hit the subscription button this will
take you to the bright side of life
where there are numerous videos that can
answer almost any question you have and
remember to ring the notification bell
that's how bright ciders get alerted to
daily updates on the channel all right
here we go number eight blue holes now
these mysterious and amazing formations
were created by nature thousands of
years ago they're located all over the
world and have the common name of blue
holes they are sinkholes situated
underwater in fact they are vertical
caves that branch into numerous long
underwater hallways most blue holes are
open to the public however some of the
biggest ones have acquired a really bad
reputation among divers for example
there's a blue hole in the red sea wow
that's colorful that attracts adrenaline
junkies from all over the world this
formation has an incredibly complicated
structure with hundreds of underwater
tunnels
unfortunately this hole didn't receive
the nickname the divers cemetery out of
the blue
get it the blue yep too many
inexperienced divers underestimate their
skills and let's say don't manage to
return to the surface in time number
seven colorful pools it's hard to
believe that nature created something as
colorful as the thermal pools located in
Yellowstone National Park they look like
something from another world bright
beautiful and deadly ooh
says 1870 these pools have taken the
lives of 22 people first of all they're
really really hot and we mean hot the
thing is that Yellowstone National Park
is situated on top of an active
supervolcano in this place magma is
moving somewhere very close to the
surface as a result the temperature of
the water in the hot springs and geysers
can reach a whopping 456 degrees
Fahrenheit terrifyingly this is hotter
than the temperature you use to cook
food in your oven if you stay on the
boardwalk you'll be fine
but if you try to swim in it you'll be
done like in well-done but that's not
all
besides being extraordinarily hot some
of Yellowstone's colorful hot springs
are also pretty acidic for example the
Norris Geyser Basin has hydrothermal
vents located under the surface they
emit chemicals that make the water in
the geyser highly acidic on top of that
microorganisms constantly destroy parts
of the surrounding rocks and this
increases the amount of sulfuric acid in
the pools even the bubbles that rise to
the surface can lead to serious burns if
a person is exposed to them
and while some microorganisms can live
in such incredible conditions humans can
die from the fatal burns caused by the
water
[Music]
number 6 laguna Caliente Laguna Caliente
is located in Costa Rica and differs
dramatically from its sibling boat Oh
slay these two bodies of water our
crater lakes of the bhojas volcano
but while botos lake is a peaceful place
with clear water surrounded by rich
forests Laguna Caliente is one of the
most acidic lakes in the world it's
acidic content is higher than that of a
car battery so for obvious reasons you
probably won't be willing to swim in
this lake but avoiding the acidic waters
doesn't mean that you'll stay safe the
lake has the eerie ability to create
both acid fog and acid rain they can
harm people even when they don't
approach the shoreline number five Neera
Gong Go craters lava lake mount near a
Ganga which is situated in the
Democratic Republic of the Congo is an
active volcano its last eruption took
place in 2002 in its crater there's a
lake but it's not your typical lake this
is the largest permanent lava lake in
the world the depth of this lake
fluctuates all the time before an
eruption in January 1977 researchers
recorded the maximum elevation of the
lava level at an incredible 10,000 660
feet the average depth of the lake is
2,000 feet well 282 million cubic feet
of liquid rock might not be particularly
tempting in terms of swimming but you
can probably have a BBQ with toasted
marshmallows
just a several thousand feet away from
the lake
[Music]
number four pink leg oh that's not
Photoshop Lake Hillier in Western
Australia is indeed as pink as it looks
this is a shallow Salt Lake that's
beautifully edged with white salt
formations and surrounded by eucalyptus
forests and if you were wondering about
the reason for the amazing color of the
water you won't find an answer even
scientists are at a loss as to what
makes the lake so pink
hey I'm above I'm coming out so you
better get this party started in 1950 a
group of researchers investigated this
place their theory was that the lakes
color was influenced by saltwater algae
which tended to produce a red pigment if
the water was too salty
however no trace of the algae was found
even now 70 years later scientists still
don't know how the lake manages to stay
so amazingly pink some believe that the
color might be a sign of some deadly
contaminant others suggest that there's
an unknown life-form in the waters of
the lake they state that something alive
could be causing the lakes bright color
due to these concerns those who support
this point of view believe that it may
be dangerous if not fatal to swim and
Lake Hillier swatters but even if you
don't think that some alien creatures
dwell in the lake it's still highly
unpleasant to swim there the pink Lake
is extremely saline due to the
exceptionally high salt content there
are no fish and if you get into the
water it's recommended that you don't
stay there for longer than 10 minutes
number three New Smyrna Beach this
beautiful location is situated in
Florida it would be a perfect place for
both beach goers and surfers but for
hundreds of hunting sharks the water
close to the beach teams with fish and
that's what attracts sharks to this
place New Smyrna Beach has been called
the shark capital of the world by the
International Shark Attack File this is
one list that you don't want to be on in
2008 almost 40% of all shark attacks on
the planet happened in this region so if
you're a thrill seeker who dares to
enter the water there will be at least
one shark at a distance of ten feet from
you that's what scientists who have been
monitoring the beach say the worst thing
about this situation is that the Sharks
living in the waters along New Smyrna
Beach are bull sharks the are notorious
for their aggressive behavior so think
twice before you risk a swim number two
frying-pan Lake if you look at the photo
of frying-pan Lake in New Zealand you
might think that there's fog hanging low
over the water similar fog or more
precisely steamed forms over warm water
on a cold morning but if you believe
that's what's happening with frying-pan
Lake you are dead wrong the water of the
lake is almost always as hot as 130
degrees Fahrenheit on top of that the
lake emits hydrogen sulfide and carbon
dioxide which adds to its mysterious
appearance not only a swim but even a
boat trip across the lake will lead to
disastrous consequences
at the same time the
blue color of the lake and the steam
that covers it attracts tourists from
all over the world number one eagle's
nest sinkhole Eagle's Nest sinkhole is a
body of water in Florida that looks like
an ordinary pond it's only when you get
into the water that it gets dangerous
beneath the lake there's a huge system
of underwater caves with rooms and
passages that spread for miles some
rooms are as large as a football field
some passages are the size of a door the
deepest point in this sinkhole lies 310
feet below the surface the place was
closed in 1999 after too many people had
died there in 2006 it was reopened but
its popularity has significantly
decreased hmm I wonder why people have
probably finally understood the danger
this sinkhole presents so which place
mesmerised you the most and which one
wouldn't you visit for all the tea in
China share your opinion in the comments
below remember to hit the like button
and subscribe to our Channel life is
more fun on the bright side
[Music]